 All right.
 Well, I don't have many updates, at least from my side.
 I think I took a look, there might be some new things from Seth.
 I think that was Seth, I don't know.
 If you want to walk through some of that stuff or whatever you all think is relevant.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Thanks, Sahil.
 I did make some more progress from the last time we met last Wednesday.
 Happy to walk through some of those.
 Should we wait a little while longer?
 Maybe there's some others joining or we can just hop right in.
 Let me try to fix that.
 Did the sound okay?
 Or is it quiet?
 It's a bit roboty, but it might just be me.
 Yeah.
 I feel the same also.
 Is the sound any better?
 Is anybody saying anything?
 I can't hear anyone.
 Is that just me?
 Yeah, does that sound?
 Is that different?
 Yeah, same with.
 Cool.
 What do you think, Cody?
 Can you hear me okay?
 I'll share my screen and we can check out some of the latest progress if that sounds
 good for people.
 Cool.
 Can people see the screen?
 Yep.
 Cool.
 So, yeah, I'll just do a quick rundown of, I guess, a recap of where we left off last
 Wednesday and progress that I've made since then.
 Yeah, so, you know, a couple of high-level questions is, I know the last ones that we
 looked at, some screen that looked similar to this, and I think that there was quite
 a bit of conversation around some elements that I included that probably didn't belong
 there.
 I think I had some wires crossed between some conversation in this thread.
 I think there was some overlap between what was for the admin dashboard versus what should
 be in the Lightning Gateway.
 So I think that kind of derailed me a little bit.
 But getting back to, yeah, changes to what I've made, I guess just start at the top here.
 Well, also just to point something out, we also talked about this section here, the new
 the Guardian nodes, and I sort of added my opinion on whether or not those should stay.
 I'm sort of leaning towards no, just because it's a lot of screen real estate devoted to
 that one section that only tries to communicate two things, that there's five nodes and whether
 or not those nodes are online or offline.
 So I think that we could probably do away with this section, because those two attributes
 can be communicated via this number here, Guardian 6, and whether or not any of those
 Guardians are offline.
 And part of the rationale is that as modules are added to a dashboard, I can imagine this
 page getting or this view getting pretty long.
 So yeah, I would lean towards not including that, really, and just devote the space towards
 other things.
 It sounds like people can still hear me.
 Cool.
 Yeah, that looks amazing.
 Good.
 Awesome.
 Good to hear.
 So there's that aspect.
 One thing I'm not clear about, and I guess I'll try to work from top to bottom, seems
 to be a logical approach.
 This community custody, these widgets here, in my mind, those each correlate with a module
 that is enabled.
 So if I just zip down here, so you have Bitcoin, eCash, Lightning, each of these is currently
 enabled.
 So those would correspond with each of these widgets.
 And one of my questions regarding those modules is if they can be disabled or not.
 They might just be all required default modules.
 So that's something that I was curious about.
 Yeah, in the current implementation, you can't.
 But that's something where eventually some altcoiners are going to figure out that we're
 doing this, and they're going to say disable Bitcoin, enable ETH.
 But based on the current configuration for it, the default modules you have to ship with
 and then everything else.
 And this is also like, eventually, you're going to be able to, at runtime, be able to
 turn these things on and off.
 But for right now, it's basically during the setup, you're selecting which modules you
 want, and then you're stuck with those.
 And so long term, it's good to have the toggles and those things.
 But just based on the current implementation of where we are right now, just in terms of
 the complexity behind that, is that basically, you select at compile time.
 You first set up the federation, and then you're just kind of stuck with that.
 Cool.
 All right, cool.
 That's super helpful.
 Okay.
 So does it make sense that each of these will, I guess these will be persistent.
 So no way to really toggle them on or off.
 So okay, so that's kind of a moot point.
 In terms of the graph, I think adding some filtering agents here would be great.
 So daily, monthly, all time.
 And then view the values over time.
 Yeah, but by those and then the individual currency types, Bitcoin, eCash, or US dollar.
 I'm not sure what this number would be in terms of the quantity of eCash in the Fed.
 It's just a dummy number right there.
 So there's that.
 Yeah, it's going to be the exact same.
 Maybe one thing you could do would be, and this might actually be a useful metric for
 it, would be to see, because the thing that the federation knows is the federation knows
 what eCash it has issued out in what denominations, but it can't correlate the inputs and the
 outputs.
 Right?
 So I mean, that would just be like an actual useful usage metric for us would be seeing
 what the denomination breakdowns are for it.
 But you don't have to, that's kind of just like, because the total amount of issued eCash
 is going to just be the exact same as the total reserves.
 Okay, cool.
 So that's helpful.
 So would it be safe to operate at the current moment, just like the eCash quantity is equal
 to the amount of individual sets?
 Yeah.
 Okay, cool.
 Yeah.
 So are those two calculated differently or calculated the same?
 Nope.
 It's, I mean, the eCash is the liability side.
 The Bitcoin is the asset side.
 But I guess like the underlying data, right?
 So like there's going to be a UTXO set that the guardians control that is like, this is
 the amount of Bitcoin that's in the federation that is separate from the data that provides
 eCash.
 So I would say leave them separate because that's almost like a check for guardians to
 be like, "Oh shit, did we inflate it somehow?"
 Or, you know, "Is there a bug?"
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So it's like if we made a mistake or whatever, and I don't know, maybe like a UTXO doesn't
 get included into the guardians wallets and then, but they issue eCash or something.
 I have a question as well with regards to eCash, because I know what you mentioned is
 kind of like a liability.
 So where would the sort of peg in, peg out function be working then?
 So let's say the person is looking at this dashboard and then they're like, "Oh, I have
 too much of eCash."
 So where are they then clicking?
 Yeah.
 So that wouldn't happen.
 So basically the way that it works, right, is that when I want to peg into the federation,
 then what I do is the federation has this public address.
 What I do is I tweak that address and then I deposit funds to it.
 And I provide a proof to the federation that says, "Hey, I can prove to you by a cryptography
 that this is a tweak of your address.
 If you give me the eCash notes for this, I will tell you how to spend it."
 And so now when you make it atomic, so the federation gives you the eCash notes and in
 the process of giving you the eCash notes, they also get the ability to spend from this
 wallet.
 So it's not like a normal HD wallet where it's like I generate an address and give it
 to you to spend because we don't want the federation to just generate an address, you
 deposit to it and they don't give you the eCash.
 So if I understand correctly, it's almost like an IOU note in the normal traditional
 banking system.
 Do I understand that correctly?
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's precisely what it is, is that you deposit into the federation and the federation
 at some point in the future, if you come back, the federation has to honor that eCash note.
 And so the way that they will normally do it is that you'll just show up and you'll
 say, "Hey, I want you to just redeem this eCash note.
 And so I'm going to give you this eCash note, give me another eCash note of the same value."
 And that's like for the lightning payments, because I'm doing an eCash spend to the gateway
 and the gateway is just reissuing to themselves.
 But if you do a peg out, then the way that that works is, "Hey, I'm going to give you
 a bunch of these eCash notes and it's going to be the equivalent value of the underlying
 Bitcoin that you have in reserves.
 I want you to send that to this address."
 Right.
 Yeah, I think primarily right now, if we see a difference between the eCash listed and
 the Bitcoin listed, from the guardians perspective, that should just be a red flag.
 "Hey, we need to do an audit."
 Yeah, that's like a catastrophic error.
 Yeah.
 If there's a difference between the two.
 Yeah.
 So show the two and should they be different in UI?
 Should we kind of like alert the guardians?
 Yeah, that's like alert the guardians, alert everybody, like start the bank run.
 Like everybody get all of your stuff out of this federation right now.
 Yeah.
 But it's kind of funny, but the only way we have for auditing a federation right now is
 to actually do a bank run to a new federation.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Does that make sense?
 Cool.
 So would someone who pegged into this federation, would they want some proof to say like, "Okay,
 I just want to check that everything's going okay in the federation."
 Would they have access to this guardian dashboard or would the guardian-
 No.
 So normally they wouldn't.
 Yeah.
 The way that you check it is you just withdraw all of your money.
 Right.
 That's like the way that a normal bank run works.
 And what's also, this is just like some kind of context on bank runs that I'd never realized
 before, but apparently this is kind of like the history of bank runs and how this works,
 is that the primary people who start bank runs are competitor banks.
 Because they're basically like, "Hey, I'm going to call your bluff.
 I think that you don't have any cards."
 And so generally, probably the way that this is going to work is that gateways are just
 going to be continuously basically bank running the federations.
 And so there's going to be a lot of moving back and forth between these things.
 But the way that you do it is the moment that you think that your federation doesn't have
 any cards, then you just withdraw your money into self custody or to a different federation
 or whatever it is.
 And depending on the app that you use, so like on the Fedi side, we've made it so that
 you basically, they kind of look like Slack channels when you're connected to different
 federations.
 And it's like two button clicks to move funds between one federation or another by a lightning
 payment.
 But you can do the exact same thing with an on-chain withdrawal to self custody.
 Cody, could you explain how guardians could rug the federation?
 How is that possible?
 How would they actually do that?
 Yeah, so it's just a threshold multi-sig, right?
 So there's two kinds of ways that they could rug the federation.
 They could literally just sign a transaction spending all of the Bitcoin to a different
 wallet and stop honoring the e-cash notes.
 So you just show up and there's no guardians there and they move their money to a different
 wallet.
 So the Bitcoin would be zero and the e-cash notes would have some number up top in this
 dashboard, right?
 And then the other thing they could do would be if they could do like a slow one where
 only they would know this, right?
 Like the guardians would be able to see that we have been issuing e-cash notes that don't
 one to one match.
 So they just like scrape off the top every once in a while?
 Yeah, I mean, it's just like when I issue e-cash notes, right?
 So e-cash notes, it's impossible to correlate the inputs and the outputs for that, right?
 And so they could basically just print e-cash notes where it's like, as part of the consensus
 rounds, it's like the input is water vapor and the output is e-cash notes instead of
 the input is Bitcoin, the output is e-cash notes.
 And the only way, the only people who would know they were doing that is the guardians,
 right?
 So in this sense, they'd print e-cash notes to themselves, right?
 To their own user clients and spend it like redeem it for the Bitcoin.
 Yeah.
 Could just excuse all of my questions, but I'm trying, I'm making notes here as you guys
 are explaining all of the concepts.
 And I kind of had this idea after the last call that because this is an open source project,
 a lot of people kind of jump into the project and there's a whole lot of terminology that
 doesn't make sense to the normal human.
 So I make notes about this and I was thinking of just putting it into like a Google document
 just somewhere so that if the average human walks into the project and they don't understand
 certain terminology, they actually can get a bit of an understanding of what it is.
 How would you explain the epoch?
 What is an epoch?
 How would you explain what that is?
 So epoch is just the term used in the Byzantine fault-tolerant consensus diagram that we use.
 It's the equivalent of a block, right?
 So basically for, the way you have to think about this, right, is that the most important
 thing for any transaction system is that you need an absolute ordering of events, right?
 Is that like Alice can't pay Bob with money she has not yet received from Dave, right?
 And so like whatever system you use, you have to do that.
 And so the way that we basically do that is that in the same way that Bitcoin has like
 a mempool where there's no ordering of the transactions in the mempool, but then like
 every 10 minutes there's like this snapshot of like, here's an absolute ordering.
 And this absolute ordering comes after the previous absolute ordering, right?
 And so it keeps going like that.
 And so the epochs are the equivalents of blocks in the Bitcoin blockchain, right?
 So epochs contain a bunch of transactions.
 Gotcha.
 Thank you.
 So at each epoch, the guardians are stamping transactions that have happened in the last
 span of time, right?
 Since the last stamping.
 Is that a good way analogy for it?
 Yes.
 Cody, I saw, I think it was in a GitHub that each epoch, right?
 Each epoch interval is only three seconds.
 Is that accurate?
 Yeah.
 I mean, so that's kind of configurable, right?
 And so like the way that it was originally, it was basically, it was every single three
 seconds, but now it's like, you can basically configure it.
 So it's like either every three seconds or once you get a certain number of transactions,
 then the three seconds starts or whatever, right?
 So you don't have just a bunch of empty blocks or whatever.
 But yeah, they're about every three seconds.
 It depends on the size of the Federation.
 It's just like, because the limiting factor here is like, how do you get a global state
 among like the globe of the guardians?
 And so if there's like 15 different guardians, then it's slightly longer than three seconds
 versus if there's like four guardians, then it's like three seconds.
 Yeah.
 To that point, I was thinking about the, let's see, you know, no one with guardians and should
 there be a minimum and a maximum that are allowed during setup and then communicated
 to the guardian leader admin during that setup process?
 Yes.
 So the, during the setup process, the technical thing that you want is you want three M plus
 one where M is the number of militia.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 >> You broke up, Seth, sorry, we can't hear you.
 >> I think Cody was explaining the three and plus one situation.
 We can move on while he's reconnecting.
 Just let us know if you're there, Cody.
 >> Yeah, can you guys hear me now?
 >> Yeah, a little spotty.
 >> Hi.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> It's pretty spotty still.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Yeah, sorry, I just switched over to Wi-Fi for a moment.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 If you're on a boat or whatever, right?
 You have three different clocks that you're using,
 then you're actually using three different clocks and yourself, right?
 And so you can decide, hey, these two align, and I'm going to go with them.
 Or you can say all three of them align, so I'm wrong.
 But what you don't want is to be in a situation where you have two clocks plus
 you, because one of them says one thing, one of them says the other.
 You have no mechanism to do a tie break between those two, right?
 And so the technical thing for
 this is the way that you always have a tie breaking mechanism for this.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Three m plus one, where m is the number of wires, right?
 And so that is, you'd want to do a three of four, and
 then one person can be an actively malicious liar.
 And you're still able to come to a consensus,
 because those three can come to an agreement.
 If you want two to be able to lie, then you want a five of seven, right?
 So two, six plus one is seven, and that way two people can be actively lying.
 And so whenever you scale up the size of the federation,
 you always want it to be a interval of that number, right?
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> So an absolute minimum should be three.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Is that logical?
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Lost him.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Okay.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> We can get a circle back to that one at some point.
 >> I think that one note on that is, I think there's a possibility,
 like when you say absolute minimum, I think there's a possibility to make
 a federation where you are the only guardian.
 But like- >> Yeah, I mean,
 you can start, just a quick interrupt,
 is that you can do whatever configuration you want, right?
 But the correct configurations for all of the things that we're building
 is 3m + 1, where n is the number of malicious people, right?
 So you could do a single one or whatever, right?
 But that one is, there is no benefit to the federation.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Right?
 Like the benefit comes from if you do a 3m + 1 setup.
 So 3 of 4 or 5 of 7 or 7 of 10, right?
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Okay, so then it sounds like it doesn't make sense to impose a minimum, but
 how about a maximum just to- >> Yeah,
 the minimum would be 4, right?
 I mean, yeah, the minimum should be 4.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> It's a recommended minimum.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Yeah, maybe just like that could be the, I forget what it's called, but
 like before you click on a text input or whatever,
 there's like a shadow input side of it.
 >> Yeah.
 And what about a recommended maximum?
 Would it make sense to include that in this area?
 >> I mean, you can do as big as you want, but it's also just like,
 once you get to about 20 or whatever, it's just kind of like practically it breaks down.
 Right? And so,
 just well it doesn't break down it's just like the epic rounds become like 20
 seconds or so, right?
 And so that's maybe it's like, they try to input 20 or
 they try to input 21 or whatever.
 And then it just like does a little prompt for them like,
 this is how Fedimint works, we recommend you set up two separate federations.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Okay, yes, this could be helpful just as a little bit of extra context, but
 yeah, not enforcing any hard rule.
 Some kind of a text right here.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Okay.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Cool, so I think we talked about epochs a little bit.
 I added those here.
 I'm going contrary to mental, I'm going newer blocks get added to the left,
 just feels more natural that way.
 Open to changes there, of course.
 And then I added a view all button here for users to kind of like zoom out if they
 wanted to just to see a larger sequence of blocks, since it could be helpful.
 And I could open a screen or
 maybe open via a model perhaps so that the user doesn't lose context.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Moving on from there, I think that some of what we're talking about here relates to
 this back and forth between me and Joda here.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 So info for connected lightning nodes.
 I initially went with the name of the node, node ID capacity.
 Sounds like we want to add some additional info such as pegging out fees and
 things of that sort, so I'll incorporate those items.
 I was thinking about the connection string and
 how it is discoverable and Joda mad some context here.
 I need to go through and think about and plug into the design here.
 But at a high level, I think that something like this makes sense.
 So give them a URL where they can go to connect.
 And then from what I understand, there will be a code needed.
 I think it's called a connection string.
 It's not quite as friendly as a Federation connection code.
 I'm not sure what this value will actually look like, but
 happy to, it's only to share with me what that looks like.
 I could put that into the design.
 This seems like the natural place for
 this to live as well, right below the header here.
 So any feedback on that would be great.
 And from what I understand,
 there's no maximum number of connected lightning nodes.
 So in theory, this list could go on for quite a while.
 So if that's the case, maybe we want to have a expand and collapse button here.
 I guess that's sort of to be determined whether that's needed or not.
 All right, what else here?
 And I think, Jotam, that you chimed in on how would a lightning
 node operator actually know that this particular Federation exists?
 I was wondering if there would be some kind of indexed list of operators or
 federations somewhere, and I think that that's been covered before.
 I just have to track down that that combo, wherever it is.
 Might be in GitHub or Discord, I'm not sure.
 >> I think we were talking about that last time, and Cody had,
 like, very international operators like Amboss could list gateways,
 the same way they list lightning nodes.
 It's just like, hey, this lightning node is also a gateway.
 So there's this tricky bit where a gateway operator actually trusts
 the Federation they're serving, right?
 So seeing them publicly and seeing their information does not mean they'll
 connect to your Federation and serve you.
 So that bit is interesting.
 So essentially, members of a Federation, be it the guardians or
 be it users in the Federation, should be able to invite a gateway operator.
 And the gateway operator should be able to kind of do some quick audit on who
 is running, who is behind this Federation, what are they even doing?
 And then, okay, I trust them enough, I'm going to connect to them and serve them.
 I'm going to deploy my capital in serving this Federation.
 So that's what I was alluding to there.
 >> Okay.
 So this current bit of info right here,
 does that seem, I guess, good enough for now kind of a situation?
 >> Yeah, it is the same information like you have at the top of the graph.
 Let me see.
 Scroll up.
 So that same copy, that invite members should be the same information.
 And it's not going to look like a URL.
 I'll drop it in just a string.
 It's with some data encoded in it.
 But it's the same thing you'd invite members.
 Since gateways are also just members, special members of a Federation,
 the same string should be able to invite them in.
 >> Interesting, okay.
 That's good to know.
 Yeah, I thought they would be unrelated at the least.
 So that's good to know.
 Cool.
 Is there a type of a warning that they would want to have
 when a Guardian is not active anymore?
 So that red area there, sorry, Seth,
 if you could just zoom into the top of the dashboard.
 Yeah, there.
 So when a Guardian goes offline, how impactful is that?
 And should they know that information, or is it just okay?
 >> Yeah, so a little bit of context.
 I was imagining that this would actually be clickable.
 I'm not sure if that's breaking a common design pattern of batches being clickable.
 But in this case, if it was clickable, you would go to the other Guardian's page.
 And you would see which Guardian it was, the fact that they are offline.
 And I was brainstorming that if this fed had chat enabled,
 that you could just chat with seven right from this dashboard area,
 which would be pretty cool, I think.
 But that's probably way out of MPP.
 >> Yeah.
 I guess the question is, how impactful is it for
 the Federation if a Guardian goes offline, or
 if they've been offline for a long time?
 Do they need to pay attention to that, or is it fairly okay in the setup?
 >> There's a number of Guardians can go offline, but
 there's a threshold beyond which the Federation starts breaking down.
 So the three and plus one.
 So if you have four Guardians, one can safely go offline at any given time, and
 the Federation would continue.
 But when two go offline, then you start having issues with your consensus.
 So a consensus might stall until some of those Guardians come back online and
 the threshold is met again.
 >> And that's always that threshold of four, is that always that four?
 >> No, it's up to three and plus one.
 It's like if you have four Guardians, one can go offline.
 If you have seven Guardians, two can go offline.
 And the Federation continues, yeah.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> I did make a quick note here about charting options and
 charts.js could be a good tool used by BTC Pay Server.
 It's MIT licensed, so I think that we could use that if that was a decent option.
 Let's see, cover that.
 I think those are the things for the most part I wanted to cover for the dashboard.
 A couple of small details, I added this Federation info here,
 API version, consensus version.
 I picked those up from the current dashboard here,
 of these two values here.
 And I did make a note here, which is probably a larger discussion,
 but what happens when consensus stops?
 So when you have four Guardians and two of them go offline,
 what is the actual expected experience from a Guardian point of view?
 And also end users point of view.
 In my mind, the Fed just kind of goes into this pause state.
 And then once those Guardians come back online,
 it kind of picks up where they left off.
 And the part that I don't have my head wrapped around is,
 I saw on the Fedia app that you can do offline payments.
 So I'm not sure how that correlates with the epochs,
 blocks being out of consensus.
 And if that offline, those offline payments somehow will come back
 into consensus with the overall Fed.
 Yeah, again, probably a much larger discussion,
 maybe outside of the scope of design.
 >> Now, I mean, I can clarify that real fast.
 So basically, when you're doing a payment with eCash,
 it's that I tell you, like the eCash is a bare instrument.
 It's kind of like telling somebody a seed phrase, right?
 Where it's like, if you tell somebody a seed phrase,
 they own your Bitcoin just as much as you do.
 Like if I provide you the eCash note with this Federation signature on it,
 they own it just as much as you do, right?
 And so there's like some benefits and downsides of that.
 The benefit of this is that I, as the sender, can do an offline payment,
 where I just have to communicate the eCash note to you.
 In order to complete the payment,
 now, because now both of us know what the eCash note is.
 You go to the Federation, the Federation redeems that one and issues you a new one.
 And so now my knowledge of the eCash note is worth nothing because it's been redeemed.
 Does that make sense in terms of the way that you complete a payment with the eCash?
 >> Yeah, I get that.
 >> Yeah, so for an offline payment, what we're doing there is that
 the payment is not complete until the Federation does that reissuance, right?
 But functionally, if I'm offline and you trust me,
 then during that period where I tell you about the eCash note, right?
 But both of us, because we're in a local community,
 this only operates within a single Federation when we're doing this thing, right?
 Is that you're trusting me as the sender,
 that I'm not going to get back online before you go to the Federation and
 reissue an eCash note, right?
 And so when the Federation goes, they have more than M,
 malicious people, but not more than the threshold.
 But basically the thing just stops, right?
 And people just keep making transactions, they broadcast to the Federation.
 But the Federation without the threshold can't reach
 that consensus in order to sign an Epoch block, right?
 And so all of these transactions are basically just like filling up in
 the Federation equivalent of a mempool.
 And then once they come back online, then they sign all those transactions,
 they make an absolute order right through those things,
 they continue where they left off, right?
 Got it.
 Yeah, that's super, super helpful.
 Yeah, I think that makes sense.
 I might have to listen to that one more time in this recording.
 Yeah, just the thing to keep in mind is that for an eCash payment,
 the way that you do a payment is that I tell you about the eCash,
 you go to the Federation, redeem that eCash, get issued new eCash.
 And now my knowledge of the previous eCash note isn't worth anything
 because you've redeemed it, right?
 That's how you do a payment with eCash.
 Yep.
 It's so just-
 Go ahead, sorry.
 I'm sorry, go ahead, Mo.
 No, I wrote a note over here is,
 do we need to explain the threshold of guardians at some point
 to people using the users of the UI?
 Or, I don't know, I'm just thinking out loud.
 To the guardians or to the users?
 To the, this is, so-
 This is for the guardians.
 The guardians would go offline and that would make an impact on the Federation.
 And then there's a minimal threshold of guardians that need to be online
 to reach consensus.
 So would it be something to, I don't know, explain it to them at some point
 in the UI that there needs to be a minimum of, I wrote here four,
 I don't know if I wrote that correctly, that there needs to be a minimum of four?
 Yeah, I mean, it depends.
 Like, really the way to approach this, right, is that when you have a single person,
 the reason why we're doing this, right, is because in a distributed system,
 it's impossible to distinguish between somebody who's being actively malicious
 and someone who just isn't connected, right?
 And so that's the whole baseline of this thing.
 And so for, like, the notification for them is basically like,
 hey, this person has been offline in the period of time that they've been offline
 for whatever, right?
 Because like, on our side, there's no way to distinguish between the person
 who's being actively malicious or whatever, like trying to hide transactions
 and all those kinds of things, just because it's a distributed system,
 and somebody who's just offline or whatever.
 So I think the way to communicate that would be like, this person has been offline
 for this period of time or whatever, right?
 And then like, in the note underneath it is like, your three and four federation
 requires a three-threshold signature.
 If another note goes offline or whatever, consensus will stop or whatever,
 please contact this person or move your funds out of this federation or whatever it is.
 Yeah, that makes sense.
 - And then on the user's client app, would it make sense to just state
 at a very high level that consensus has stopped, they can keep transacting,
 but just, I guess, maybe for the...
 just for the sake of full transparency or there was a--
 - Yeah, Skylar, I think Skylar's already got like designs
 and stuff around that, but then Betty,
 I don't know how other people would handle it,
 but that's something where it's like,
 if you're part of a federation and that federation
 has like an out of normal fans consensus issue,
 then that gets communicated to the clients as well.
 - Excellent, cool, cool.
 Yeah, Skylar, I'd love to see what that looks like
 just to have more context as to what the,
 you know, the situation is.
 If you're-- - Soon, soon, PM.
 - Cool, okay.
 So that's, last thing I talked about was this API version,
 consensus version.
 It seems like a decent place to put that, technical,
 but we're doing guardians, so it seems applicable.
 Okay, I don't think there's much to talk about here,
 but-- - I have a question.
 What is the account on the left trailing?
 - The guardians account.
 So just a couple of quick notes there.
 So that's, in my head, that's a place
 where they could possibly change the username,
 change their password, maybe enable 2FA,
 probably not for MVP, but down the roadways,
 or these just out on left field somewhere.
 - Okay, make sense.
 Is that the same level as gateways then?
 Just like, 'cause I see like the whole federation things
 at the top, dashboard, guardians, module, server, settings,
 and then I see these two special.
 - Yeah, so account, I think, would be special
 since it's applicable only to that one individual user,
 whereas these are applicable to all users.
 And then Lightning Gateway would,
 I use this icon here to connote that.
 It would open a new browser window
 that's kind of outside of the guardian dashboard.
 So they're kind of like ancillary.
 Well, this would be an ancillary link,
 and this one just seems like it's not,
 shouldn't be bundled together with the top five.
 - So is this the guardians gateway,
 or what is Lightning Gateway here?
 - Lightning Gateway dashboard.
 So that would be whatever form this takes.
 - Yeah, that implies this guardian is running,
 operating a gateway, and they have.
 - Oh, right, right, right, right.
 Yeah, excellent point.
 So that might not be the case.
 Yeah, so it implies, I mean, it might not imply it.
 Maybe just think of this as a shortcut
 to get to this screen.
 - Yeah, but the screen is only available
 to people who are operating gateways.
 That's fair.
 - Yeah, maybe I'm wrong, correct me if I'm wrong, Jodan,
 but it sounds like you're saying
 they're essentially should be thought of
 as completely separate things.
 - Yeah, in a way, yes.
 Not even in a way, that is how we think of them.
 - Yeah, so although they are separate things,
 this is still a publicly accessible screen.
 Is that the case?
 - No, this is like the dashboard to your Lightning node.
 - Okay, okay.
 - Yeah.
 - That's good to know.
 Yeah, that was one of my questions for Dev.
 Glad we hit on that.
 Okay, so it sounds like this should probably go away
 in that case.
 - Yeah, probably makes sense, yeah.
 - Okay, cool.
 Good.
 (computer chimes)
 Okay, modules view.
 And then we can still talk about
 if this whole left nav structure makes sense.
 I think it does, and I would push on that a little bit,
 but we can get into that now or in a little bit
 if people want.
 But these are the core modules.
 And then just kind of like exploring here,
 but modules in development.
 If the guardians were tech oriented,
 they could kind of foresee where they could bring
 their federation and what functionality
 that could be in store for them.
 And this might be too techie,
 but they could track the progress in GitHub,
 perhaps just exploration here, nothing more than that.
 So yeah, any thoughts on this stuff here?
 (computer chimes)
 - I don't know how they discover modules in development
 to see this section here.
 'Cause the bundle, the code they're running
 in their server does not know about these things.
 - But if the, I think that the federation,
 the FedEvent GitHub repo is publicly open.
 So that's where I was thinking was just going
 to the publicly accessible repo.
 - Yeah, or we could do something like awesome Fetiment
 or whatever, like people do stuff like that.
 Like they've got like awesome core lightning
 where it's just like a list of community curated plugins
 that are like cool things thrown on top of that node.
 And so just like a thing that makes it available
 or whatever, we can just like add it or whatever
 as like a, hey, these are things
 that are currently under development.
 And then we can even put like a,
 maybe it'd be cool for the under development or whatever.
 Right, like you put like a little link next to it
 or something where it's like,
 this is how you could support it
 or like contact the maintainers
 and just tell them you want it or something, right?
 - Right, this sounds like a marketplace for modules.
 Any kind of like discovery?
 - Yeah, a little bit.
 I mean, I don't know, maybe people make like paid modules
 or something, but I was thinking more like,
 for the stability pools or whatever,
 like it would be nice if after we set up a bunch
 of federations or whatever, those federations,
 there are guys maintaining it.
 They get a bunch of contacts from the people doing it.
 I'm like, hey, we saw that you guys are working on this.
 I think it's really important.
 This is something my community could use.
 - Yeah, Jonathan, it's interesting you mentioned that
 'cause it's kind of like, in my head,
 it's a little bit like WordPress
 where sort of instead of a plugin, it's module
 and then they have this sort of like a store
 of things that are possible.
 So very extensible.
 - Cool, all right.
 Yeah, I'll just leave those there for now
 and we can just have some back and forth on this area.
 Server view, I just made a note here,
 it's possible kind of like the umbrella,
 track CPU, temp, RAM, disk space, all of those things.
 And that would tie back to this state of healthy
 or it could be healthy attention or warning
 depending on how your server is behaving.
 - My first thought here was given the range of deployments
 possible with these FedMean servers,
 I don't know if you're gonna always know
 a usage temp, RAM, disk space and stuff like that.
 For example, you could deploy a node
 in a third party hosting solution
 and they might not provide you with this information.
 - Right, yeah, that's a good point.
 Yeah, it's on Google Cloud or something.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Interesting.
 So I don't think that we would know where the code,
 where the server was, whether it was self hosted or public.
 So maybe this, yeah, maybe this isn't doable then,
 this healthy status.
 - Healthy is like whether it's,
 whether these dashboard can talk to the server,
 whether it's online or not.
 So I'm thinking you can do some minimal health checks there.
 Although the server can report some minimal.
 - So yeah, it's more of a binary.
 It's either like it's good or there's problems.
 Okay.
 - At least that, yes, at least that.
 (keyboard clacking)
 - What do you think, Cody?
 - I think it's good.
 - Cool, all right.
 Yeah, here's a screen that I did wanna start
 having a go at settings and just chime in
 if any of this stuff seems out of place
 or outside of the scope of MVP.
 I think that I swear I saw this somewhere.
 I can't seem to find it though,
 but I did include this description
 at the top of the Federation.
 It's probably, you know, maybe it's easy to include
 along with the Federation name,
 but if that's not the case, then I'll tear that out.
 Local currency selector.
 I imagine that we'd wanna have this just so,
 you know, just for, it just seems like it's a needed,
 and this is where it would live.
 Dark mode API version.
 Those are, oh, for hell.
 And these attributes that are used during setup,
 is it the case where those are configurable post setup,
 or once those are added,
 then they are more of a permanent?
 (silence)
 Joram, Cody?
 - I have, like, these are consensus configurations
 like block confirmations,
 and so you have to do a full setup right now.
 You have to do a full setup to change consensus configs.
 So I would just leave the most permanent ones set.
 - All right.
 (typing)
 Okay.
 Does it make sense to even include these
 on the settings page?
 Maybe just for, I guess, maybe transparency's sake.
 I saw those around here somewhere.
 - Sorry, Joram, I don't think the URLs are consensus, right?
 - Yeah, not the URLs.
 - The guardian, yeah.
 - The first one, but wait, anyway,
 with something like the P2P public URL,
 if you change that,
 you have to inform your guardian somehow before they change.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah, I mean, so just kind of just keep in mind
 for this one is that, like, technically speaking,
 like, it wouldn't be impossible to have it be like,
 just during an epoch, everybody just kind of agrees
 that, and this is the way we're doing things now, right?
 But just like on an implementation,
 that is extremely difficult to do.
 And so the way that it currently works
 is that you just say, one, they're doing the setup,
 this is how we set everything up.
 And that's kind of the way that works right now.
 - Yeah.
 Do you imagine that as things get a bit more refined,
 that there might be a real world use case
 where somebody might need to change their public URL?
 - Yeah, the goal would be to get a lot of this stuff
 to be configurable at runtime.
 But currently, they're all configured at compile time
 and config.
 Right.
 - At setup time, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, cool.
 Good stuff.
 Does anyone have any strong opinions
 on the left nav structure?
 And I guess I ask that only because if we go back here,
 there's this settings tab.
 And under that settings tab,
 there is the mod, it's module specific.
 I guess I'd make that more clear by calling,
 putting these under module as opposed to settings.
 Sounds like maybe we don't need a settings view
 at this point.
 But longer term, I think we will.
 So, the way I would approach things
 is sort of like forward thinking, right?
 So knowing that we will want this eventually,
 do it now so that things don't have to be
 sort of like re-architected at a later date.
 - Yeah, Seth, that was kind of one of my thoughts
 that I wanted to explore
 and I just haven't gotten around to it.
 Apologize for that.
 At some point, I probably will just explore
 a variation of this without the left nav
 just seeing if we can, like if that's needed.
 And maybe it is, I don't know.
 But I'll just try that out.
 And if you want to as well, it might be worth it.
 Just, if I'm just looking at those options,
 I wonder if that's really needed.
 But to your point, maybe it is.
 Like maybe you have 16 modules of different types of things
 that you might need, but I'm not sure.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, left nav also translates really well to mobile.
 - Yeah, thinking about mobile.
 Yeah, if there's a little hamburger icon
 in the upper right or left,
 I think that this would fit in there nicely,
 like you said, Cody,
 as a way to navigate the different views.
 Cool, so it's three minutes left before the top of the hour.
 Are there other things that we should talk about
 or next steps for me?
 Or how do people wanna kind of like talk about next steps?
 - I think everything looks great.
 Let me just making sure that next steps
 don't include dark mode.
 'Cause we're a light mode only.
 - On the dev side, I know we have some more items.
 I don't know, Ethan, if you wanna give a slight update
 on the UI immigration.
 And then at Bikinon, at least getting some sections
 of this signed off, for example,
 just to make sure that we're not missing anything.
 So for example, just the dashboard part,
 knowing that we're gonna have a left-right link
 then the dashboard, and then maybe the far section
 in that view, so that we just have like a flow of things
 that maybe we can put some dev time to.
 - Yeah, so there's gonna be a UI repo.
 It's gonna break off from the main repository
 just to, for a couple of reasons,
 but directly relevant to this call
 is we're gonna dockerize everything.
 So that way it's a minimal lift for any designer
 or anybody else that wants to play around with fedimint
 that they can hone the repo down.
 All they have to do is install Docker
 and then run a single command and they will have
 a guardian set up and all of the goodness easily
 and readily accessible.
 So we're working on that and hopefully that lands sooner
 than later, and then we can go walk through that
 maybe in one of these calls and get some designers
 running the thing.
 - Yeah, that would be amazing for me to be able to
 jump in and play with things, absolutely, yeah.
 - Nice, do you have any ask from design, from dev
 aside from the good questions in this?
 - Yeah, I think we covered a lot of the questions
 that I laid out here.
 No, I'm separating that out from green, from yellow,
 which I think is helpful for devs to just sort of like
 jump in and see what things I'm wondering about.
 At the moment, no, I think that I'm good here.
 Oh, there's this one,
 individual settings for each module.
 I can add those here or it's not super important,
 but could be super helpful.
 So this one, for example, could be local currency.
 Bitcoin, I'm not sure if there are settings.
 Same with Lightning.
 - There are, for example, in Bitcoin,
 I suppose you can modify your local settings
 for Bitcoin module, say pointing to your Bitcoin RPC,
 even on runtime.
 You probably should be able to change that.
 I'm not also like, I'm not sure of these,
 but maybe we can list out the settings that exist today.
 - Yep, that could be helpful.
 Just to kind of plug into these designs
 to kind of keep it as a,
 it's like the proverbial source of truth.
 So that's a no.
 Yeah, I think that's it from my end.
 And just high level, I think that I'm going to,
 now that this is in a decent spot,
 and I know that Sahil might come up
 with some better recommendations.
 So sitting on that for now,
 I might go back and revisit the setup flow.
 I think that some of the copy could be improved
 a little bit for sake of clarity,
 and maybe terminology as well.
 Mo, to your question before of terminology,
 I know that Jose had started a glossary of terms.
 And I can imagine that glossary being a part
 of this betting guide that I'm thinking about,
 where it's like, how do you, what's it, how do I use it?
 What do these different terms mean?
 And it's of that sort.
 So over time, it'd be great to sort of collab
 on the living dock of those kinds of items.
 - And do you, does anyone know where the glossary is
 that Jose created or should I just reach out to him?
 - I have the link.
 I could send it right now.
 - Yeah, I think we also have one on the Fedi side.
