 So what you know, yep, everyone, I was just saying that a number of people that are on the call now
 weren't here last week. So one option we could do is kind of go through the gateway UI designs that
 we checked out last week, if people want to do that. Justin, I see your hand raised.
 That was accidental.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Nice.
 How do people feel about going through the designs for the Lightning Gateway at this point?
 Cool.
 Yeah, that'd be good.
 Okay, cool. Is there anything before we jump into that, is there anything that people want
 to talk about in the meantime, before that?
 No, let's go for it.
 Okay, cool.
 One question I had for developers before I jump into that is, it's a bit of a tangent, but
 the Federation invite code, do people know if that'll be a consistent number of characters?
 It might be 172 or 76. I forget which one it is, but
 I'm trying to nail down an answer there to update designs.
 I think right now it will be consistent.
 In the future, it may not. I'm not sure. I wouldn't count on it forever. It used to not
 be consistent. And then it changed. It used to vary depending on how many guardians there were,
 but it doesn't anymore. And I'm not sure if it will, if it will, I'm not sure what will happen
 there going through, like in terms of the next like six months, but at least right now, I think
 it should be consistent.
 Okay. Good to know.
 Let's see. And let's see. I'll share my screen.
 Lightning gateway.
 Yep. So as I quickly mentioned last week, we walked through this flow. There weren't that
 many people on the call. So I think it might be a good use of time to go through this again.
 And there's, I can try to call out a couple of specific questions I might have,
 which I think we probably would have talked about last week in the recorded call. Let's see.
 What questions do I have currently? Yep. So preface this conversation with the decision
 to limit the number of federations a gateway to can connect to, to only one at this point.
 Jodham, I think that expressed a desire to, to use that approach for MVP and post MVP,
 build functionality to allow a gateway, gateway to connect to multiple federations.
 I did call that out here just for clarity.
 Yeah. And Justin, I was asking about the federation by code characters, because that
 could be a one way to, for users to figure out if what they're pasting here is correct or not.
 So I'll just remove this.
 We can validate it. If it's wrong, we could say so here.
 Did, let's see. Yeah. Pose a question here. Ways for error detection here to either call
 out the number of characters being wrong or the input code not beginning with fed one.
 Yeah, actually the way the app is built currently, like it's very easy to do this if the rust code
 is running in the app. But I think with our setup UI right now, we actually don't have any
 ability to like run our pediment rust code. So it would be a little tricky, but I think it's
 enough to just check. I mean, I think we can just, you can just try it and you'll get an error
 message if it's wrong, basically.
 Good. So UI, you know, for first view, super clean, just simple rounding, just a simple
 lightning gateway notifier, just to let you know, like kind of like where we're at and call to
 action is get started by connecting to a federation using an invite code. One addition to this
 messaging here is, is we could specify, you know, where they might be able to find that invite code.
 But I suspect that people would know that already by someone else sharing it with them.
 Or other possible means. So user pastes it in, button disabled for now.
 Button becomes enabled or yeah, enabled. And I think a simple spinner here,
 waiting model would be great because I imagine this process could take, you know, anywhere
 between one second to maybe on super slow connections, maybe up to, you know, 30 seconds,
 maybe a minute. I'm not sure on that one, but regardless, I think that a spinner here would be
 helpful. I did want to pose a question to the open source design community to maybe take this
 Fetidman icon and make it, you know, like spruce it up a little bit, add some color, add some
 animation. So here's sort of the meat and potatoes of the UI here. Sort of an ongoing question I
 have is if we can, I guess, encode a federation description within the invite code. So when you
 first see this model, you'll have the actual federation name and then a description. I think
 that's just a user friendly, just kind of like a handholdy sort of approach to this design.
 Yeah. So it wouldn't be in the invite code, but it would be in basically what the invite code,
 basically all the invite code is, is a way to download a configuration file. And in the
 configuration file, there's a section that is sort of like a freestyle, you know, it's called meta.
 You can put whatever the hell you want in there. So in the past, like at Fedi, we've used that to
 say like, you know, our app has a chat feature in there. So there's like a link for their stuff
 about the chat in there, whether to enable that. There's just a bunch of like metadata we can put
 in there. And so one thing I think Fedimint want to do is just sort of have like some sort of like
 a standard, like kind of like dip style, a little process just to say like, Hey, if you want to
 stick a description in there, put it in this meta field. So that will, I think that that's a good
 way to enable these sorts of like use cases without, yeah, I think that's kind of how we'll
 do. So once you paste in the connection string, you could get that. Okay. So when you enter that
 description, would it be during the actual Federation setup on the screen? Yeah. So in
 terms of how it gets there in the first place, yeah, there, I think we'll probably want, yeah,
 we'll, I think like in the near term, we'll probably want more things in the setup experience
 to be able to like add these meta fields, right. Like, and in different deployments, they might
 want different things. So yeah, it would, it would be at, you'd either add it here or potentially
 you could add it later and the different, like, yeah, I mean, this is a little bit more engineering
 focused, but since there are a couple of devs on the call, I'm going to mention it. Like
 we'll want the admin UI to have a way to like edit the meta thing and get consensus on it.
 So for something like this, if you want to change the description of your Federation, right? Like
 one person might propose it and then the other guardians would say, yeah, that's good. And then
 it updates for everybody. So that would either happen at the setup or later on once it's already
 running. Cause I doubt, in most cases, I don't think people get everything set up just the way
 they want at the first thing for stuff like this maybe. Okay. Yeah. Excellent stuff to know.
 Good. Thanks for that. That little insight there. Cool. So, you know, big call to action,
 deposit Bitcoin. That's what we want to do. I want to make sure it's clear that we're not
 requiring that people can opt out and do it later by this, this big button on the bottom.
 But I think that we do want to have the, this be a prominent part of the flow for users to
 deposit Bitcoin. We did talk about this messaging here a little bit last week.
 I did remove a little bit that might've been overly complicating the experience.
 And I think that people can read this. If not, I'll try to get it just right.
 So I'm specifying that on-chain transaction is the easiest way to receive e-cash notes.
 E-cash notes are required for incoming transactions. And then I'm actually going
 sort of a step beyond and saying that there's a minimum recommended amount of 100,000 sets. You
 can add more later. Only doing that because, you know, if a operator comes in and says,
 and just wants to deposit a hundred sets, it's not that useful for the Federation.
 So, and I'm not sure if 100,000 sets is, it's actually probably not that useful of an amount,
 actually. So maybe it should be bumped up to maybe 100,000 sets, or maybe it should actually
 not be denominated in stats, but maybe Bitcoin. That's kind of a open question I have is,
 is when to, you know, use the stats versus Bitcoin terminology. Because right now it kind
 of flip-flops back and forth. So I think leaning towards just Bitcoin might be a better approach
 for just clarity wise, clarity sake. Cool. Any feedback on this model?
 I wanted to say in the case that a minimum amount is recommended,
 it which will somehow I highlight it and place it in a different place than that
 string of text, like to make it more visible or to call more attention.
 Okay. Yeah. That's good. Good feedback. Yeah. That could be called out quite a bit more.
 I'm not sure how much we want to push it though. So I think that coming up with some
 alternatives to this design would be a good approach. One thing I would recommend is
 the language around, I mean, this is like a nitpicky copy thing, but it's kind of important
 from like a legal and understanding perspective. The, how we talk about e-cash notes is
 really tough because there's a lot of like technical nuance that happens that it needs
 to get communicated like almost perfectly to be really compliant. And not that I like,
 think we should be completely constrained to what is compliant, but it'll be really helpful
 in protecting people in the future running these federations. So I would avoid like talking about
 e-cash here and just simplify it and be like, the first thing you need to do is deposit Bitcoin.
 Like that's it. I don't know, Justin, do you agree with this or what do you think?
 I don't really have a comment there.
 Okay.
 My feeling is like we should focus on getting it functional and
 go zero to get from zero to one. That's kind of my...
 Yeah. So I guess on that, just to align, like I would just say the most essential thing is like
 they need to deposit Bitcoin. I don't think we should talk about how the e-cash is related yet.
 That can be dealt with a little bit later.
 Okay. Yeah. That's, yeah. Coming from a compliance angle, totally appreciate that. But I guess,
 you know, the reason why I did include it here and totally open to removing it was just for
 educational purposes. So educate people as they go through this journey of screens. Right. But
 I think that compliance is probably more important at this point. So yeah, I'll take that.
 Yeah. There definitely needs to be education. So I agree with that. I just, I don't know the
 best way to do it right now. So yeah. Okay. Maybe I'll get some more info.
 Yeah. Yeah. Having some actual like legality, like lawyer input here would be at some point
 would be super. Yeah. Cool. Okay. But yeah, I totally like Justin's approach just from zero
 to one just to get this operational. Cool. So I like to believe that the app will detect when
 a transaction has been made and the screen will magically go from year to year after a
 on-chain deposit is made. And this is another spot where we'll probably have to adjust.
 I think we will have to adjust some language. Possibly. So number of stats is being confirmed.
 Again, I'm not sure if stats or Bitcoin is the right terminology to use here. This 10 block
 confirmation I understand is used in the Federation setup. 10 is the default. So whatever that number
 is displayed here. Yeah. We'll be able to read what it actually is here.
 Okay. We'll have that available. So you can see how many.
 Excellent. Excellent. And then just some quick and dirty math, 1.6 hours for 10 block confirmations.
 User can always easily make or find their transaction ID and copy and go over to mempool
 space and check it out there. Once the
 The 10 block confirmations are done.
 Update this notification area with a simple confirmation.
 This is where I do a little bit more education.
 You have 100 million e-cash notes when sat equals 1,000 e-cash notes.
 This might be too much information at this point.
 I'm not sure at what point it would be beneficial to communicate that denominated value of one
 sat equals 1,000 notes.
 I would just say number of sats.
 This works the same way as lightning does.
 Lightning has a minimum denomination of a millisat, a thousandth of a sat.
 I don't think you really need to ... Most wallets just say how many sats you got, and
 I think that's sufficient.
 I guess ...
 It's just too much less to understand, right?
 I would just say what's your balance.
 Last week, I didn't have this box here.
 I only had the e-cash notes value.
 I did add this.
 I need to better understand at what point does this number go up or down, and this number
 go up and down, and what the distinct relationship is between those.
 I think of it this way.
 The gateway just holds IOUs to the Federation, and these are denominated in millisatoshis,
 so a thousandth of a satoshi, just like lightning channels are.
 Fetiman does that because that's what lightning does.
 That's the only balance that ... That's the only Fetiman balance that a gateway has.
 There don't need to be two numbers here.
 There just needs to be one.
 I would suggest just using the sats.
 We can use whatever denomination we want, sats or bitcoin or millisats.
 That's kind of a distinct thing, but the important thing is there's only one balance.
 Yeah.
 A common thing I've seen in wallets is you have the option of clicking to change what
 it looks like.
 You click once or tap once or whatever, and it goes from bitcoin to sats, goes to e-cash
 or whatever.
 I think that pattern might work here, right?
 Yeah, totally.
 I would just say don't use millisat.
 Probably don't use millisats.
 I've never seen something display ... A millisat is like a ten thousandth of a cent or something,
 right?
 It's so small that it's probably overwhelming.
 Yeah.
 Excuse me if I'm in a noisy area.
 I hope it's not too noisy.
 Is it very noisy?
 Yeah.
 It's okay.
 All right, cool.
 I was just wondering how important is it for users to see their transaction ID because
 I was looking here in that green box there.
 Your transaction ID is an initial string.
 Would it be an option to hide the string and then just say copy, just three words, copy
 your transaction ID and then they have the option to copy it, which would take away all
 those numbers and letters?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 This isn't a requirement.
 So yeah, could just be copy as a hyperlink, right?
 I'll get to that later.
 But yeah, I think that's good feedback just to simplify the UI, get rid of all those extra
 numbers.
 Thanks, Mo.
 No worries.
 Cool.
 So, yeah, a mental note taken that this area should explore methods of just displaying
 one value and have that value be user selectable.
 That could decrease UI complexity.
 The user dismisses the notification and the non-notification using UI.
 So some other things we talked about last week was this inclusion of lightning transactions
 here.
 And one of the questions was, is that needed for MVP or not?
 Then below this, the no details, is that needed for MVP or not?
 And Justin, to your point of getting from zero to one, it doesn't seem like those are
 critical at this point.
 So I defer to this idea of getting something out and usable before delving into all of
 these metrics, which aren't critical at this point in the project.
 Feedback there?
 From my point of view, and I'd be curious what Mr. Cool Guy thinks, strictly speaking,
 the MVP here is like, I need to be able to deposit funds, which you showed in generating
 an address.
 I need to be able to withdraw funds from Fetiment, deposit and withdraw.
 I need to be able to join the Federation.
 And I think it would, minimum, you'd probably want to be able to display the outgoing and
 the incoming channel capacity.
 Because that sort of affects the ability for the gateway to facilitate payments.
 If you've got a bunch of e-cash, but your Lightning Node doesn't have any channels,
 you're not going to do anything.
 You're not going to have any effect.
 So that's the one.
 Other than that, that's, to me, the minimum that it needs to be able to do, which we pretty
 much have here.
 Yeah, I agree with that.
 I mean, we talked a little bit about this last week, I think.
 And I think we mentioned the Lightning side.
 We talked a little bit about failed versus rejected as well.
 Like some of the nuance there on how certain failures can happen in the gateway.
 I think that's certainly a thing that we should eventually display.
 So that this dashboard can be used somewhat for debugging and figuring out what's going
 on in your node.
 But that's definitely not an MVP thing if we're just talking about what to get to zero
 to one.
 It's mainly, let's get the main numbers up there, the main operations you can do, and
 then we can sort of add on these features next.
 All right, that sounds good.
 So I didn't show this alternative here.
 So user does click, I'll do this later, they zip to this version of UI where it's still
 a persistent messaging area here, just to keep sort of like pushing in a direction of
 user depositing Bitcoin.
 I'll revisit that language there to, you know, change depending on the other things we talked
 about here in this call.
 So here's another screen where user clicks.
 So they have deposits, they click details, the version of what this screen could look
 like.
 Stepping back a little bit higher level, I think following our call last week, I'm
 now thinking that this entire UI should probably get a left rail navigation with options of
 the deposit, withdraw, and I think some other items over there that would just make it a
 bit more usable.
 And I think more extendable as additional functionality is added, it could just sort
 of be bolted into this left nav rail area.
 See what else?
 Yeah, I'm not sure if it's worth getting into those nuances today.
 One thing I would like to do this week is just try to get it so the things we just discussed,
 you know, being able to join a federation, you know, deposit, withdraw with the federation,
 and then just display the channel balances.
 Like I would like to try to get that to actually work in the UI that we have so far.
 I'm not really sure the status of it currently, but that's one of the things the next couple
 weeks I'm going to try to work on a little bit is just getting these working and try
 to actually be able to deploy maybe a SIGNET little federation.
 And I think it might be kind of interesting if we had a little SIGNET federation we could
 use so that like-- I mean, we could probably just allow anybody to log into it, you know,
 just to be able to play with it, you know, since it's just fake SAS.
 At least us on the call, that might be kind of nice.
 Yeah, from my end, I would find that to be super helpful just to, you know, start to
 eat the own dog food, as they say.
 Cool.
 So, yeah, I'll make some progress in sort of pairing this back to, you know, touch upon
 some of the things we talked about in this call today, which would pretty much just be,
 you know, part of it would be removing that whole section, maybe adding in the left hand
 nav at this point.
 Or, you know, since the functionality exists here without the left nav, is that something
 I would recommend I leave out for now, just for simplicity's sake?
 I don't have an opinion on that one.
 I'll defer to others.
 One other thing I'll mention is that I don't actually think we, and Justin, you can correct
 me if I'm wrong, but I don't think we actually have the ability to render a transaction history
 currently in the gateway.
 So we would have to add that in terms of that page to the left, to the right.
 Although that would be useful.
 We'd have to add that.
 Like, you know, being able to, like, actually, I think right now, we wouldn't even be able
 to check the transaction ID.
 Would we, Justin?
 Are you talking about for, this is just peg ins and peg outs?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I don't know off the top of my head what's saved in the database.
 Yeah, I mean, we probably not.
 I think we could do it by reading the client's operation log, you know, but we'd have to
 actually do that.
 You know, like, I think the transaction IDs are probably in the operation log, but they're
 not, like, we'd need to expose that a little bit.
 Yeah.
 Yep.
 That's true.
 What users, I just, of course, thinking out loud, would they want to see their total amount
 of deposits and their total amount of withdrawals?
 Or do you think that that's, would they want to see that on a weekly basis or a monthly
 basis, this kind of overview of what's coming in and what's going out?
 Do you guys think that's not really a good thing?
 If I heard that correctly, you're looking for, like, an aggregated number of total deposits
 and withdrawals on a monthly basis?
 Yep.
 Correct.
 Yep.
 I think they would want to see the profitability.
 They'd want, like, from my point of view, they'd want to be able to see, like, how much,
 how much, like, liquidity did I put in here and what kind of, like, for me, if I'm running
 a gateway, I'd like to know what kind of yield I'm making on both my, you know, yeah, like,
 it's got to be like, what's my APR, right?
 In terms of, like, I'm locking this Bitcoin into this federation and routing payments.
 Like, am I making any yield on this, you know?
 Like, am I putting my capital to use effectively?
 But that's something I think that wouldn't be like the first iteration.
 Like that's a post one, post zero to one thing.
 But I think that's, that's to me what I would want to see.
 Yeah, just to add on to that, I think, I mentioned it last week, but it's, it's very similar
 to a Lightning channel.
 You can think of your Ecash balance as, it's just a virtual Lightning channel between your,
 your Lightning node and the federation.
 So pretty much anything that you, similar stats on what you'd want to see for your Lightning
 channel, you'd maybe want to see for this balance as well.
 Got it.
 Hey, do you have a particular dashboard you use if you do run a Lightning node, whether
 it's like RTL or Torx or one of those?
 Yeah, I mainly just use RTL.
 I'm not like running a big routing node or anything though.
 So yeah, in the, you know, I think it's, that's pretty basic.
 There's probably, yeah, like Torq or I think Surge just came out.
 There's probably a lot more design work that's gone into that area recently.
 So, okay.
 Yeah, I mean, that's, that's one thing to kind of on a related thing here is in the
 future, someday it would be kind of nice if we could just have something like this in,
 if we could like embed a little bit of this inside existing node managers.
 Like I don't know, I don't know how that would work.
 I don't know how these things work, but that would be really nice because like the Fetimid
 side of things was relatively simple compared to like a full node manager.
 Like a node manager is really complicated.
 We don't want to build that into here just cause it's a ton.
 It's way more complicated than just this.
 So that would be just being able to integrate with like, like my point is like this, to
 just this thing is kind of insufficient because you do need to balance your lightning channels and open and closed channels and everything and
 We probably don't want to build all that into here like maybe a simple version of it
 But maybe not like it could be quite complicated
 so
 Yeah, just just just exploring how to integrate with some of these some of these node managers that already exist would be
 Could be very productive
 But I don't really know how what's involved there
 Yeah, I
 Was just a last comment on the lightning thing. It's like
 The analogy of lightning is like this this e-cash balance is your channel
 But one nice thing about it, I think I mentioned this last week too is that you can resize it just by
 Doing an on-chain transaction. So that's maybe a distinction in that in lightning you you can't really without splicing
 You can't really do that today
 But with this it's it's very easy to do that. So
 Yeah, like make making changes to your balance is much easier than
 Lightning I think right right now. So that's a really good way of explaining it. Yeah
 Yeah
 Yeah, thanks for that helpful
 See what else talk about
 All right, I have some pretty good ideas as to how to progress here and
 Jose if you have any cycles to adopt in and
 Do some do some lifting then just let me know and we could
 Sort of tag team some some progress on the stuff
 to
 The the other thing worth, you know calling out is I was listening to the developer call that was yesterday and
 we were getting into some of the
 Getting into some of the weeds regarding
 graphing
 these have graphs in the
 Federation UI
 And so yeah, I understand that that's probably you know, it's not it's not needed for
 MVP or maybe not even post MVP
 And I think that there was a loose decision made to allow
 operators to you know, somehow gather their data and then input that into some
 External app graphene or something along those lines
 What kind of a you know
 If that was allowed I'd wanna have it be easily accessible to the to the user to just push a button
 Copy paste some some snippets and then enter it into into wherever they want to enter it
 So thinking more about that
 Would it be some kind of a just like a couple lines of code that that the user could use or is it something a
 bit more more involved and
 Could that code be exposed in the UI just to make it easily accessible
 Yeah, I think it's a little premature to talk about how the UX of that will work
 like the the problem right now is just how to get the data out of Fetiment in a way that isn't gonna interfere with the
 Like the core consensus system and and isn't gonna be a bloat to maintain in the future
 so that's kind of the where we're trying to figure out like some path forward and
 And I would think of it as a little bit more of like a developer tool
 So like if you're like the default setup of a federation probably wouldn't even have any of this
 You'd have to do a little extra work to set this up
 So I would say it's kind of out of scope for the admin UI currently and the idea is that we could you know
 Play with that and just figure out what's possible and then later on we could say like, okay
 So here's some useful data. Here's some things that we get actually exposed to this to the to the to the admin UI
 So it's I think a little bit more
 It's almost like we're just trying to do some hands-on research to be able to actually figure out what we can put in here
 We'll know more what we want to display I suppose once like there's more people running these federations
 Yeah, and the gateways and I think that's kind of the point of doing it the Prometheus Grafana way, right?
 Is that like we can sort of?
 Do like graph different things easier rather than be locked into like one thing
 So I think maybe at some point people run through the whole thing and they're like, oh, yeah, I'm gonna do this
 I'm gonna be locked into like one thing
 It's like I think maybe at some point people run those federations like that for a while and they say okay
 This is a graph that is very useful for like a gateway or something
 Then maybe that gets you know added to this UI
 Okay, good stuff
 I think that that's that's it from from my end. I know that there's a there's plenty of stuff I can do design-wise
 So much so and you know one thing I wanted to mention was that you know
 I've been seeing that some of this some of these designs have been making their way to
 in the code and
 I guess I want to be sensitive to you know
 Not having things not having designs in these stigma files being being you know coded and then developers having to
 You know sort of like backtrack and I feel like they might be you know, like expending cycles that that weren't very productive
 So I want to be super sensitive to that
 So from from a you know saying that is is there something
 that I can do in in these design files to
 You know say like, you know continue or not continue
 I know I do use these these tags like in progress and you know, like feedback appreciated
 Would it be helpful if there was a I know I have this other tag
 Complete you know, would it be helpful to have this complete tag on things that were
 You know quote-unquote signed off on that that should be put in the code or or is that kind of like reaching reaching too far?
 I think Ethan and Jordan would be the two that
 Might have an opinion there if Ethan might not be able to use his microphone maybe just guessing
 Get to a UI is not a concern right now. So in progress
 Whatever is still good
 We started work on that up. No one has made any changes in the get where you are for the admin UI
 That menu I think is just the charge
 functionality which seems like a
 Next step on this just like looking at the flow top to bottom flow of these UI
 So these these card he's helpful to help to guide the developers
 I think that the way you're talking them are useful at least for me and look at these designs like hey, this one is
 This one is you know called back or not
 Maybe art tag developers that you know, I'm working on the thing for to bubble up the notification even faster
 Did you say an ad tag
 And the way you tagged me on some of them were helpful
 So just tags
 Tag the names of the devs. I think they it's myself Ethan
 Ebo
 Okay, you meaning like by using
 Yeah comments in Figma. Yeah. Oh, okay. Good. Got it
 Okay. Yeah, I think that's that's you know, any like I'd rather always try to like over communicate rather than under so that's that's good
 That's good approach
 Cool, all right
 and yeah, anyone ever if you ever have any questions always always hit me up and if there's any
 Unclarity or like uncertainty about things about their where they're at in the in the process
 But you know, of course if things kind of a you know, yeah moving targets
 So that's you
 Cool yeah, Ethan mentions there you can add in the UI channel as well. And that's that also reaches more devs
 In discord you mean yeah in this court. Yep. Okay
 Yep, I keep track of some of the convos happening there. I could probably maybe chime in a bit more often
 Cool all right, what else is there to chat about?
 Yeah, you know we could cut this short if there's nothing else to cover at this point
 You know, my big thing is I just want to like isolate
 like so I
 Just got back from vacation last week
 So I'm gonna be a little more I'm gonna be more active here and trying to I really want to get this month just to
 do a first release of Fetiment so that you know for a technical somewhat technical user who like
 Know has used docker before you knows how to like run a docker command and knows how to like set up a server
 But it's not like a system administrator or anything like that
 Just can do some basic stuff or if you're just good at following like instructions
 you could set up a federation or a guardian or a gateway that's kind of like one thing I'd like to see this month and
 So I'm just gonna try to like identify what is like the minimum
 What are the things that we need to do to actually get it working and just try to get those things to happen here in
 the UI
 So that's that's gonna be the one thing I'm gonna be doing next week or two just
 And then and then also produce some instructions for how to how to run these so that's a what yeah one one
 yeah, so that's that's that's a
 One thing I'm curious about smart developer thing is just like how are we gonna serve the UIs in like our in our?
 Docker based deployments in particular that's one thing I'm curious about
 But we can cover that elsewhere, that's just kind of where my head is that
 Cool for what it's worth
 Ethan took the time to walk me through the the setup
 I think it was about maybe maybe two weeks ago now, and you know it wasn't wasn't too painful
 Mprox, I think that's that's how you say it Mprox was
 an approach that that
 We ended up taking and it was pretty much. You know it was painless
 Coming from a place where I can find my way around the terminal a little bit, but certainly not not you know
 Yeah, so that's that's the first so the thing is like once we have that then I think we should we should also be able
 To get like easier version of it
 That's like a one-click deployment either through some cloud provider
 Or maybe there are a couple Bitcoin oriented cloud providers who have expressed interest, but that'll come second like we just need a way to
 get
 kind of zero to one set up a couple little federations, maybe signet federations in the discord and
 Try to get try to get it so you can run it with gateway
 I mean it'd be yeah, it would be nice if yeah, that's kind of where where I think we're at right now nice
 on the umbrella front
 That you'd probably have to pass a certain you know a gate to get onto their app store
 I imagine, but you know ultimately I see that being an option right umbrellas and my notes and platforms like that
 Totally, we just want to get a little more stable like we don't we want to like for a vettement
 It's gonna like what's gonna happen is there's probably gonna be like a few iterations
 Where like you know the first generation of these public federations?
 We say like they run for a month right and then after that we don't support them anymore
 Just to try to get a few little baby step iterations, and then after we do a couple of those successfully
 You know then then we'll probably try to run some longer term ones
 Like like we'll try to have like a version of Fedimint that we can like give to umbrella
 And they can you know?
 Users can expect to run that indefinitely. I think that'll probably be the way to go
 So
 Ethan is saying currently the UI repo does not support gateway connecting to L&D. It has both containers. Yeah, so that's one thing
 I'm gonna
 Start looking at there. Yeah start 9 uses dock containers. So does voltage and a couple these cloud providers
 So yeah, well once we get like a developer like so something where the people in the discord like can set up a Fedimint
 Like what once once me Ethan mr.
 Cool guy and Jotam can set up a Fedimint in a gateway
 Then we could we have something we could probably give to we could do make a simpler
 Deployment that other people will find more accessible. You just have to click buttons and like digitalocean.com or something
 Or voltage.com maybe something like that voltage.cloud
 And then and then after that would be umbral because it's always it's always like self hosting is just gonna be the last one because
 It's just kind of more
 It just more can go wrong
 Yeah, I could I could maybe help out with the docker stuff on the UI if you want the I did some of that
 digital ocean stuff while back
 We could get that repo such that you can point it at that repo and it and it auto deploys
 Like on you there's like a one-click button to auto deploy to digital ocean
 I think on the UI repo that'd be a lot easier than on the the Fedimint repo
 Yeah
 Well, yeah, there it could a potentially also just be a completely separate repo. Maybe I don't know
 We I don't have any other comments
 All right, I'm pretty much solid on my end
 Hoping to join next week's call and and have a lot of these UI things that we talked about
 Into a better shape that we could you know build off of
 So that's it for me
 Really great job. Sorry really great job. So really nice to you all
 Appreciate that. Thank you
 Yes, very good everyone right you are safe, thanks everyone Cheers
 Bye.
