 The pressure's on now.
 Yeah, yes I don't know maybe I can just summarize what we just kind of, you know, we're catching
 up on like from the design side.
 Personally I don't have too many updates I what I was saying was, I was hoping that I
 had some more time this week to create some more issues on things that could be fixed,
 like copy wise and little UI things.
 But I think more importantly, since the UI is still being built, you know, Kim was talking
 about some API changes that are going to affect the UI.
 I think once we actually get the front end built out and we have it in a place where
 we all can kind of run it ourselves a lot easier.
 I think it'll be easier for us to make change request updates and things like that.
 So that's my guess as to where we're at right now is kind of just a little bit of waiting.
 And then the other thing Kim had mentioned was there are probably some settings that
 are more like local for each individual guardian themselves.
 And my response was I think that should be pretty easy to handle just with the current
 UI.
 So yeah, I don't think there's anything super major there is my guess.
 Yeah, the basically like each guardian can.
 So like we had the concept of the leader or post, you would be able to set the consensus
 configuration values.
 But we also have local configuration values, which could be like the Bitcoin node you connect
 to.
 So each guardian would be able to set those independently.
 And so the question is like, should we call that out somehow like in the UI design that
 like, hey, these are the locally configured parameters that aren't going to affect federation?
 Or would that be self evident?
 Another perhaps interesting point is that the you might have multiple modules that have
 the same configuration.
 So like the Bitcoin module and the lightning module both connect to like a Bitcoin node.
 In theory, I guess you can connect to different Bitcoin nodes in each though I don't know
 why you would want to.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
 Yeah, my feeling is like if it's just another one of these sections, and then to your point
 Kipman, like whatever we want to call it, we could, you know, we could, I don't know,
 call it I don't know, local settings or something like that, or, or maybe even have a description
 underneath here that.
 mentions this is just for you like this is not for everyone else. I don't know
 does that sound right or am I just totally off? No that sounds right I think
 yeah under the Bitcoin settings and then like for the followers do they also like
 when they're setting up I guess we could also show the Bitcoin settings. Yeah the
 followers page has configuration as well right? Yeah so I think this is the
 followers page so they have their own name they have their password they have
 the join link so whatever link that they get from the follower or the host rather
 and I think here I just kind of put a bunch of these sections I'm not exactly
 sure which ones are relevant for the follower but yeah as you mentioned like
 one of these could just be the follower on the field so yeah so I think that
 that could work it doesn't change the design. Yeah nice.
 Yeah does anyone have anything else they wanted to bring up? I didn't have much
 for this meeting other than that other than the local configuration being
 introduced. Konstantin shared a nice document with me that he put together
 with the user persona so I don't know if he wants to maybe chat about that
 that's that's his work so not mine. It's not mine actually yeah not from
 myself we we've been all contributing to that two meetings before this one so if
 we have time yeah we might as well revisit that. Was this the Guardian for
 the Guardians or was it for other personas? The Guardians. Okay yeah I
 think we reviewed that like in another meeting but I think what could be useful
 for next meeting to get us thinking would be to work on the gateway
 administrator personas probably I think I don't think anyone started on that but
 the gateway UI would be kind of the next thing we tackle design-wise probably so
 it'd be good to get those personas.
 >> And the gateway UI, that's not the admin page once you're done with
 the federation, right?
 That's the original react page that Justin had it before.
 I think with the black buttons and stuff.
 >> Yeah, that was one that Jotam created.
 We're trying to get the styles to be more cohesive on them.
 But we also haven't really thought much about how we would design that page for
 the gateway administrators.
 So yeah, the gateway runner is a different persona than the guardian.
 They're more like an acting as an LSP or looking to make profit
 by connecting to federations and helping users send and
 receive lightning and charge a fee for it.
 So they have a very different persona than the guardians would.
 >> Nice.
 >> Although some guardians may choose to be gateway admins,
 but I imagine most wouldn't.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Sounds good.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Did you guys put those personas together as a team the last time?
 Everyone just jamming in the jam or
 how did you guys, sorry I wasn't present for that session.
 >> I think I just came up with a couple of them and
 then I think Jotam came up with one of them.
 But yeah, I mean the more people that want to contribute to that, the better.
 >> All right, I'll try to help out with that.
 I've been busy with conference stuff this whole week, so
 that's why I've literally not done anything.
 We've been organizing stuff for BTC Prague, but
 I'm definitely going to get more involved.
 So just hang in there, I'm on my way.
 >> Yeah, I think this week there's probably not much to go over,
 because there's Miami and Prague happening.
 >> Yeah.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> But yeah, I don't have anything else, so unless someone else has something,
 I guess we could just end the meeting early and probably we'll have more momentum
 next week when all the conferences are over and everyone can attend.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 >> Yeah, sounds good.
 >> All right guys, well, thanks for showing up.
 Yeah, please show up the next week, we'll probably have more to go over.
 And yeah, bye everyone.
 >> Cool, peace out.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
